[Music]
hi there I'm Jimmy Kimmel and welcome to
the longest and worst episode of MTV's
cribs ever there's nothing fun to see in
this house including the owner you know
we don't have a vaccine yet and we might
not for a very long time but there is
still plenty of innovation happening in
the United States of America there's
some big news from the world of
breakfast I hop has announced a
limited-edition pancake cereal called
pan flakes
these are little maple syrup flavored
pancake cats that you can pour in a bowl
and eat with milk the promises this if
the virus doesn't kill you we will so
finally we can have pancakes for
breakfast who says America isn't leading
the way anymore I have a feeling they're
gonna be very popular in fact in
Washington DC today pan flakes became
the first breakfast cereal ever to be
awarded the Presidential Medal of
Freedom this was not a great day for
president honeycomb over his cookies
were in a real crisp today as a new new
whistleblower dr. Rick bright harshly
criticized the White House response to
kovat 19 dr. bright was recently removed
from his post as head of the biomedical
Advanced Research and Development
Authority and replaced with the guy who
makes Trump's omelets at mar-a-lago this
was a scary hearing today dr. bright
warned us that the window is closing to
address the pandemic and you know unless
that window is a drive-thru window at
KFC there's no way Trump's even gonna
bother bright said if we don't get our
act together the United States could be
headed for the darkest winter in modern
history the good news is it sounds like
he's saying we might make it to winter
dr. tan Hatton of course was watching
dr. bright on TV and he stopped on the
lawn this afternoon to yell about him I
don't know
I never met him I don't want to meet him
but I watched him and he looks like an
angry disgruntled employee who frankly
according to some people didn't do a
very good job that's right I don't know
him never met him don't know anything
about him but he sucks at this point
does Donald Trump have any gruntled
employees
dr. bright claims he was ousted from his
position because he pushed back on the
president when he was pushing this
hydroxychloroquine as a miracle drug
course that has been proven not to be a
miracle drug but it would seem someone
forgot to tell Donald Trump we've had
tremendous response to guy drop see
we've had the great response to Zika
along with it and the defect so a lot of
people have warned by it
we'll see that's the strategy we'll see
try some hydro a little bit of zinc get
you a z-pack chase it with a jug of
bleach maybe a smidgen a motor oil with
elderberry shove a sprig of dried sage
up your nose you might be good to go
we'll see Donny boo boo had quite a
Trumper tantrum today capped off by this
retweet of his own tweet that says Obama
gate even though no one including him
knows what Obama gate is as the word
gate at the end so it must be bad and we
learned via The Daily Beast that the
president and his task rabbits have been
pressuring the CDC to fudge the virus
casualty numbers to get them lower he
wants the CDC to stop counting deaths of
people who were presumed to have the
virus but didn't have official lab
results as well as victims who did have
the virus but may have also had
something else in other words patient
had kovat but he also had gum disease so
let's say he died of that or let's throw
him in the ocean and blame it on sharks
the disease gets scarier by the dates'
having much more of an impact on
children now it said to now not attack
just the lungs but all manner of organs
and researchers at the University of
Pennsylvania just found that when you
speak loudly droplets of the virus can
hang around in the air for at least
eight minutes which eight minutes is a
long that's seven more minutes in the
sex that is just great the world is
already a combination of bird box and
contagion why not throw a quiet place in
to but a lot of people either don't
believe this
or just don't care in Wisconsin the
state Supreme Court overturned the
governor's stay-at-home order and guess
what happened immediately bars in
Wisconsin were packed on Wednesday night
video from this bar in West Dallas a
Milwaukee suburb showed patrons huddled
together and not wearing masks terrific
a new season of the Milwaukee dead the
president called that decision to reopen
Wisconsin a big win and then he headed
to Allentown Pennsylvania one of the
factories he learned about the Billy
Joel song
took a tour of a factory where their
manufacturer masks and did the president
wear a mask to the factory where they
manufacture mass of course not everyone
else did he did not but there's a good
reason why he won't wear a mask wearing
a mask is an act of respect and
consideration for others the medical
gloves were off too while he was
speaking at the factory Trump did
miraculous thing he screwed up he
inadvertently called H one N one N one H
one and somehow quickly flipped that to
pretend he was doing it to make fun of
Joe Biden most of the n95 masks were
distributed during the n1 h one now you
know who says that right n1 h one who
says it sleepy Joe Biden remember you
said the N one h1 I said isn't it the
other way around they said yes sir but
he said it so it doesn't make any
difference
good one REM weren't Trump thought
Belgium was a city there has been so
much stupidity on parade lately but this
might be the most confusing trend of all
of them because I know people are
actually getting coronavirus themed
tattoos to remember it I guess this is a
classy piece of art depicting two
skeletons clinking bottles of Corona
beer this tattoo is of toilet paper and
it says Cove at 19 a lot of them
involved toilet paper here's another one
I survived 20 20 might be a bit
presumptuous being that it is only May
but I like the positive thinking and
this is creative this is a roll of
toilet paper running away from the virus
and I tell you something if that ain't a
Pixar movie in the making I don't know
what is God please help us
[Music]